[DOCU-1923] add Declarative Config page (#41)
Kong/insomnia-docs: docs/insomnia/declarative-config.md

> ---

Reviewer: Is it worth linking to the O2K docs from this page (until/if we move them onto this docs site eventually)? https://github.com/Kong/insomnia/tree/develop/packages/openapi-2-kong#kong-declarative-config

layout: article-detail
title:  Declarative Config
category: "Work with Other Kong Products"
category-url: kong-products
---

{:.alert .alert-primary}
**Note**: This feature is currently only available on Design Documents.

> Insomnia creates a preformatted [decK](https://docs.konghq.com/deck) file when you add endpoints to a Document.

Reviewer: Insomnia generates a [Declarative Config](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway-oss/2.5.x/db-less-and-declarative-config/#loading-the-declarative-configuration-file) file, from the OpenAPI spec you write in the Design tab. Users can then use `decK` to push that declarative config into their Kong instance (but you don't necessarily need `decK` for it, you can do it directly too: https://docs.konghq.com/gateway-oss/2.5.x/db-less-and-declarative-config/#loading-the-declarative-configuration-file.

> Once you have added your endpoints, click on the arrow next to your Document name. In the dropdown menu, click **Declarative Config**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have added your OpenAPI spec, click on the arrow next to your Document name. In the dropdown menu, click **Declarative Config**.
```

Reviewer: Also possibly worth cross-linking to the `inso generate config` command docs, since that command achieves the same thing

Reviewer: Code-wise this is the wrong place for the check to exist, but here's the code that says "only openapi 3.x` is supported for [delcarative](https://github.com/Kong/insomnia/blob/c6a7c4d68272b3c4f3d78d4dc9031ae8e49b3f7a/plugins/insomnia-plugin-kong-declarative-config/src/generate.js#L7-L15) and [k8s](https://github.com/Kong/insomnia/blob/c6a7c4d68272b3c4f3d78d4dc9031ae8e49b3f7a/plugins/insomnia-plugin-kong-kubernetes-config/src/generate.js#L7-L15)
